My project is to build a vulkan based-game engine and to implement two practical components with it.
first part Current Progress (set up window, instance, device√, build graphics pipeline)
Setup runtime environment, !init window, setup validation layers for more advanced debugging, !create instance, !setup graphics device (GPU), !construct a functional graphics pipeline and add modules, also been able to setup Framebuffer, and framebuffer sequence, aka Swap Chain, setup Commandbuffer for operation on frames, !constructing Vertex Buffers ( load and display more advanced model), Fragment Interpolation, Dynamic Viewport, 3D Transformations, Renderer system, Projection Matrices, Camera Transformation, Game Loop ...

Result
Although a lot was done, little can be shown as for now.

Technical difficulty
"It was not until I get started on the Project did I realize how low-level Vulkan really is." 
(1) A few steps to do a rendering but there are vast amount of procedures with every step. There are many potential problems 


'''
(2) Multi_platform capability:
write Build command for seperate systems, which is very painstaking. (Mac has seperate set of config) For now only Linux Considering transfering to cmake.
'''




Subject 2 current progress
1. build shader system
Current Progress
Still in reserach stage. Evaluated solutions used for OpenGL and try to convert to multi-threading solution. There are also example algorithm available in the vulkan documentation.

Result
Practical model ready for testing, using Parallel pipeline state creation (vulkan encouraged to program this in multi-threads). May be implemented and tested as soon as the platform becomes available.
Technical Difficulties 
Multi-threading protecting data consistency, using utex, atomic value, etc.

Optional
I am also thinking about using Vulkan Compute shader to render the shader on GPU which is becoming standard in VK. 

```GPGPU (general purpose computing on GPU). Experimenting do General computation on GPU (utilizing its heavily paralleled architecture), including shader compilation``` 


2. Particle system
Current progress
In research

Result
ALREADY UNDERSTAND HOW IT WORKS WITH VULKAN AND HOW TO PROGRAM IT IN A MULTI-THREADED WAY
The "classical" CPU based particle system would store particle data in the system's main memory and then use the CPU to update them. 
It is then transferred to the GPU's memory again so it can display the updated particles in the next frame.

!Speed up can be achieved via Parallelism
workload across the array of particles in the data structure
    Parallelize the workload across the array of particles, interactors, effect of each interactor, OPTIONAL sorting algorithm, generators’ contribution.

I am also thinking about building the system Vulkan Compute to implement the Particle system 

